#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cattrs
    #   gooddata-sdk
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   visions
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
brotli==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gooddata-sdk
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
cattrs==24.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gooddata-sdk
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fpdf==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
gooddata-api-client==1.33.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gooddata-sdk
gooddata-pandas==1.33.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gooddata-sdk==1.33.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gooddata-pandas
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
jiter==0.8.2
    # via openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   phik
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   missingno
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
missingno==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
multimethod==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   visions
narwhals==1.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   visions
numpy==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   pandas
    #   phik
    #   pydeck
    #   pywavelets
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
    #   visions
openai==1.59.5
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gooddata-pandas
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
    #   visions
phik==0.12.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
protobuf==5.29.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pyarrow==18.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pydantic==2.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pyenchant==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gooddata-api-client
    #   gooddata-sdk
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gooddata-sdk
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imagehash
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gooddata-sdk
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gooddata-sdk
    #   streamlit
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imagehash
    #   missingno
    #   phik
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   missingno
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
    #   treelib
smmap==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   openai
streamlit==1.41.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
toolz==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openai
treelib==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
tzlocal==5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gooddata-api-client
    #   requests
validators==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in
visions==0.7.6
    # via -r requirements.in
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
